can we finally say that we we did feel
pressure because we've been saying that
we didn't but no no uh you know we you
know we were all thrilled by the success
of frozen just because because it's a
little hard for everybody understand but
we all kind of work on each other's
films Chris actually storyboarded on
frozen and did the voice of oaken and
and we all you know contribute just like
Chris and Jen the directors of that
movie contributed on this movie given us
notes and stuff like that so we all have
ownership over everybody's films it is
such a team at Disney Animation right
now it's an amazing team that works
together on every project so it's I
looked at it as just an inspiration so
you know that our biggest challenge was
always it's always story whenever you're
making any kind of you know film it this
story is really the the ultimate thing
that you're trying to tackle in and for
this one we had this amazing story about
grief about loss about a 14 year old who
loses his brother and a robot who
becomes as essentially his healer uh and
trying to reconcile that with a
superhero origin story was very
difficult and it took the bulk of our
time as directors I mean we worked out
and we worked at it we worked out until
we finally found that baymax himself is
the the character baymax was the link
that link those two stories together but
in our 20 year history at Disney I think
this is our most challenging film but
you know I it makes it all the sweeter
when this kind of stuff happens yeah
we've all been a Disney each of us for
about 20 years and every movie is hard
and but they're hard in their own way
and I think you're getting to the heart
of what was uniquely difficult about
this one which was taking all these
disparate elements and bringing them
together and there are two distinct
genre as we were taking on a superhero
origin story and a boy and his dog or
boy in his robot story and we had to
tell one with that without making it the
expense of the other so yeah I think
that that really was the most
challenging thing is is pulling pulling
all these elements together with the key
issue was that we always knew that the
heart of the story was that story about
the boy who loses his brother and then
is redeemed and actually saved by this
incredible robot baymax so that was
always the heart
for the latest from hit mix visit hit
mix com or download the new hitfix app
on your Roku device